---
title: Running Touch
date: 2022-05-16 08:36:00 +10:00
published: false
categories:
- Features
tags:
- Feature
- music
- Fashion
Credits Text: |-
  https://www.instagram.com/tessa_styled/
  https://www.instagram.com/heyimrochelle_/
layout: gallery
---

CARMINE: The colour of passion, of rage, love, lust, fear, fury. Carmine is a surreal, masterful work that represents the enigmatic artist, Running Touch’s second life as a juggernaut of intelligent, heart-rending dance music. Born and raised in Melbourne, it’s no surprise that he would one day craft a debut record like Carmine. This record is a culmination of a life spent absorbing the textures of indie rock, hardcore, tech-house, pop, and electronic music, and working out, slowly, how to make them coalesce into something dazzling and totally unique. It was clearly written by someone who understands the musical lingua franca, who has spent his whole life absorbing and interrogating music in order to understand it better.
 
The songwriter, producer and vocalist is a world-class storyteller, a fearless innovator, and a master of atmosphere. Carmine is a work of intimacy and chaos that could only come from the mind of Running Touch.  Here he takes use through some of the albums influences …  Carmine album is out now and touring nationally.
 
 
Artworks by Tamara de Lempicka 

I discovered Lempicka after looking into Polish painters because my mother's side of the family is Polish. My grandmother was an artist and I have a book of hers called "The Story of Painting". Her story, style, and history really resonated with me for whatever reason, I don't know why but I felt familiar. I think she made me reflect and relate to my grandmother and hooked me with some form of nostalgia. Whenever I mention painting or art throughout this album, Lempicka was usually my first mental reference. This quote I found in an article when I first looked into her really made me interested in her mentality - "Her iconic green Bugatti wasn't green in reality but yellow. Nor was it even a Bugatti but a Renault. "There are no miracles," she stated with her icy realism. "There is only what you make." 
 
Films: La Haine/ Reservoir Dogs/ The Mexico Trilogy/ The Third Man

These films were my influences for "Juno", "Signs" & "Carmine". When drama combines with crime there is always so much depth in the story. It's penetratingly visual and thick with excess. There is always a lot of talk of love, love lost. I always think of songs like this "thought" or "talked", I was thinking of "Juno" and "Carmine" as watched... if that makes sense. They are visual. There is so much depth and emotion, so much story in these films it really influenced how I can reference and talk about a POV.
 
The book Bone by Yrsa Daley-Ward

I have a few books that help with words, but this was one of the ones that stuck out. The cover is red and the style of Daley-Ward is so direct and genius in its phrase-like simplicity, it's what inspired me to just use a colour for the album instead of doing some grand concept.

Music by Plini

I grew up in hardcore/metal playing guitar and drums. Guitar has been what I've been drawn to in the past few years. Plini for me is both an influence and a tie to hardcore (through him being in prog). He is my main influence for playing guitar, especially how vocal he is. This feels honest enough to disclose as there are so many guitar riffs and solos all over the album. I only really realised and was drawn to him as a solo influence in the second half of the album when I was asked who was influencing the album, he was the only person I would name. 
 
 